Episode 01-Inception

Theory
1) What is Emmet?
Emmet is a free add-on for text editors that allows developers to type shortcuts that expand into full code.
2) Difference between Libaray and Framework?
Libaray
A library is a collection of prewritten code that can be used to simplify tasks. 
The term library simply refers to a collection of code that is reused repeatedly. 
Framework
framework tries to provide everything required to develop a complete application.

3) What is CDN?
A content delivery network (CDN) is a network of interconnected servers that speeds up webpage loading 
for data-heavy applications.

4) Why React is called 'React'?
React is called React because it is a library that reacts to changes in the data and renders the user interface accordingly.
The name "React" comes from the concept of reactive programming, which is a programming paradigm that 
emphasizes the declarative description of the behavior of a system in response to changes in its inputs.

5)What is the cross-origin in the script tag?
 crossorigin Attribute is used for loading an external script into their domain from a third party server or 
 another domain with the support of HTTP CORS Request

 6) Difference between React and ReactDOM
 React: React is a javascript library, designed for building better user interfaces.

React-DOM: React-DOM is a complimentary library to React which glues React to the browser DOM

In a nutshell, Whenever we use component, classes, elements, etc. We’re using React and whenever
 we use methods like render() or findDOMNode() we’re using React-DOM.


 7)what is the difference between react development js and react production js files via cdn
 The main difference between React development js and React production js files via CDN is that the 
 development js files are minified and bundled with development tools, such as Babel and Webpack, 
 while the production js files are minified and bundled without development tools.
This means that the development js files are larger and slower, but they are easier to debug and develop with. 
The production js files are smaller and faster, but they are more difficult to debug and develop with.
